https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA # Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA # Brodie Robertson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg # Distro Tube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZWadyLVO4ZnMgLrRVtS6VA # Baby Wogue
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEf5U1dB5a2e2S-XUlnhxSA # Dio Linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCib793mnUOhWymCh2VJKplQ # Fabio Akita	
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkATW9o8m4pnXAAmac2o63Q # Toca do Tux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCU5JicSrEM5A63jkJ2QvGYw # Felipe Deschamps
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCo-SyplR7M1ZC1w0YhwMa8w # Goularte
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxsqBxW8l7JT_sgpKnwx4sA # Saiko
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHxUvRJB7ypxsC_2_8pnXjw # Ycro
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWKtHaeXVzUscYGcm0hEunw # Brksedu
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuxfOdbKQy0tgGXcm9sjHiw # Coisa de nerd
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtrjFP7i92_30uv6IehwE5Q # Cade a chave
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJAbkIY17zAmCTNQHH0bQoQ # GameplayRJ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQn1FqrR2OCjSe6Nl4GlVHw # Raon Lee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtXuWXsd7TYXwX2ZNLXfojg # Pellek
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTozIXOoO96StOVph8K8iaw # Anitama
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-JbqbIdY6VZFZUcai-SPqw # Blinding Sunrise
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeONfStw8OrYUwD5Fd9gX7Q # TsukoG
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiaoKn9QpG2dHv4tg0jBKuA # Romix
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJJnX_k6hmPfuROE_Wb3-cQ # Riffshop
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC98tcedR6gULv8_b70WJKyw # Frog Leap
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrrfJ_8kX6YyXE7F3pDJzEw # Rainchy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkksVnsKY9FF0X6JHsFdehA # Shayne Orok
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqAXHy0yYGXCXGzsl5jImvQ # Drumstick
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpQUBJrRfcpWLro4Oziff7Q # Fomzi M
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoS-YJmHRjrVy6DeyRoQcUg # Rufus Man
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAYP3fJ8zYa5ieaekR8cjOg # MatyyyM
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-eqG9dW9ydhDGs_t67URMg # Orochinho
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6cALLZLWQGilBFBB0PWAog # Maikon Kuster
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYALxwppPJjYyTMEwwEcNCQ # Luba
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCys8N87zzpNgeR9yfSjDS3g # Jake Puding
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCz0rP0zC9ryFnLIwi_uOYoA # CruzCtrl Cables
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-yuWVUplUJZvieEligKBkA # Javidx9
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQ-W1KE9EYfdxhL6S4twUNw # Cherno
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCt_4wzTQqmcUvemNkeO0plA # Ei Nerd
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCboK4EZXs0YRg_YVASzO-vg # Peter Aqui
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4ncvgh5hFr5O83MH7-jRJg # Flow Podcast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeQhZOvNKSBRU0Mdg7V44wA # Hopson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAM9ZPgEIdeHAsmG50wqL1g # Lets Make Games
https://www.phoronix.com/rss.php # Phoronix
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ # Arch News
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/packages/ # Arch Updates
